>> Ifill: AT THE SUPREME COURT
TODAY, THE JUSTICES HEAR
ARGUMENTS THAT READ LIKE A SOAP
OPERA.
CAN A SCORNED WOMAN WHO TRIED TO
POISON HER HUSBANDS' LOVER BE
PROSECUTED UNDER A CHEMICAL
WEAPONS TREATY?
GOOD EVENING.
I'M GWEN IFILL.
JUDY WOODRUFF IS OFF.
ALSO AHEAD THIS ELECTION DAY,
PAUL SOLMAN REPORTS ON A SEATTLE
SUBURB WHERE VOTERS ARE WEIGHING
WHETHER TO CREATE A "LIVGIN
WAGE" OF $15 AN HOUR.
>> IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
RIGHT NOW WE HAVE CORPORATIONS
MAKING PROFITS AND EMPLOYEES
MAKING MINIMUM WAGE.
>> IT'S HARD TO ADJUST TO THAT
OVERNIGHT.
>> Ifill: AND NOT TOO COLD, NOT
TOO HOT-- NEW RESEARCH SUGGESTS
THERE ARE TENS OF BILLIONS OF
PLANETS JUST RIGHT TO
POTENTIALLY SUPPORT LIFE.
>> THIS IS THE $464 MILLION
QUESTION.
DO THESE PLANETS THAT ORBIT
THEIR STARS IN ORBITS THAT
REMIND US OF THE EARTH, THE SIZE
OF THE EARTH, DO THEY ACTUALLY
HAVE LIQUID WATER?
>> Ifill: THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF
THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.